link updates (#1)
ottrproject/ottrproject.github.io: customize-robots.Rmd

check-quizzes: no
```

> By default, it is set to `no`. But if you wish to [create quizzes on Leanpub](https://github.com/ottrproject/OTTR_Template/wiki/Publishing-on-Leanpub), you should set this to `yes`. This is not necessary if you only want quizzes for Coursera.

Reviewer: Need a non-wiki link here

Reviewer 2: https://www.ottrproject.org/course_publishing.html#publishing-with-leanpub

> By default, it is set to `no`. But if you wish to [create quizzes on Leanpub](https://github.com/ottrproject/OTTR_Template/wiki/Publishing-on-Leanpub), you should set this to `yes`. This is not necessary if you only want quizzes for Coursera.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, it is set to `no`. But if you wish to [create quizzes on Leanpub](https://www.ottrproject.org/course_publishing.html#publishing-with-leanpub), you should set this to `yes`. This is not necessary if you only want quizzes for Coursera.
```

docker-test: no
```
By default it is set to `no` which means it won't run automatically unless you change this to `yes`.

> This is only relevant if you have [your own Docker image you are managing for your course](https://github.com/ottrproject/OTTR_Template/wiki/Using-Docker#starting-a-new-docker-image). If changes are made to Docker-relevant files: `Dockerfile`, `install_github.R`, or `github_package_list.tsv`, this will test re-build the Docker image. If it is successfully built, then it makes sense to merge it to `main` but the Docker Image will not be pushed to `Dockerhub` automatically. [Follow these instructions to push your Docker image to Dockerhub](https://github.com/ottrproject/OTTR_Template/wiki/Using-Docker#pushing-the-docker-image).

Reviewer: Need non wiki links here

render-leanpub: yes
render-coursera: yes
```
For publishing to Leanpub, make sure that the render Leanpub option is set to yes: `render-leanpub: yes`.  See more details about publishing to Leanpub [here](https://github.com/ottrproject/OTTR_Template/wiki/Publishing-on-Leanpub).

> For publishing to Coursera, make sure render Coursera option is set to yes: `render-coursera: yes`. See more details about publishing to Coursera [here](https://github.com/ottrproject/OTTR_Template/wiki/Publishing-on-Coursera).

Reviewer: non-wiki link needed
